{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf610
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28600\viewh15520\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 May 4, 2020 Sunday - May 9, 2020 Saturday\
\
(Sort of) completed Milestone 5:\
\
I ran into quite some trouble with Milestone 5 because the task is way beyond the scope of my coding abilities. On Sunday,\
May 4, I read through the tutorial and tried to understand the logic behind a functioning program for this task. \
\
I went on the Internet to learn about the programming techniques that I was not familiar with but showed up in the tutorial. \
Through self-teaching I was able to learn quite a lot, but I was not able to fully understand the code.\
\
With that being done, I reached out to my friend David, an engineering student in California, on Monday and he explained the \
code to me via Zoom. For the next few days I tried to comprehend the code provided in the tutorial.\
\
I have tried to replicate the code following my own logic but I have not turned out with a program that can run. In the end,\
I applied the code from the tutorial for the robot to function as the task demands. I really spent hours behind my computer trying to\
compose a program according to the logic of this task as I figured out but something always goes wrong, and because I am so \
unfamiliar with this coding language and system, I really cannot debug it on my own. I am sorry to just use the provided code but \
I take a bit of comfort in the fact that I\'92ve really tried, learned a lot from the process, and that I at least now fully understand the code.}